[exciting opening theme music plays]
[water rushing]
[man] He only uses it
when the water level is high.
It's not that I'm trying to brag,
but he seems to have taken
quite a liking to our pool.
[exhales]
You mean that murderous pool
that flows at over 12 miles an hour?
Please, make no mistake about all this,
it's only dangerous
when the water level is high.
No one's allowed to use the pool
once its speed reaches
two and half miles an hour.
Well, except for him, of course.
Take me to him now.
Certainly.
He's been expecting your arrival.
[Strydum] "Using a natural source"
sounds nice, but this…
[man] Yes, and honestly,
we acknowledge
that it's not your typical design.
[chuckles] Not even an Olympic swimmer
would be able to handle this water.
True. He is the only one
that I've ever heard of
who could actually enjoy it.
How fast is the current today, anyway?
It's nearly 12 miles an hour right now,
so for the time being the pool's closed,
well, to anyone else.
Huh?
So where is he? I don't see him.
I believe that at the current moment
he's submerged.
Huh?
In this?
[yells]
[Yujiro grunts]
[Strydum] How long has he been doing this?
[man] Approximately one hour.
-[Strydum] An hour? In that current?
-And he hasn't surfaced once.
He's doing the butterfly,
the most difficult stroke.
Less of a butterfly
and more an eagle, perhaps?
[Strydum] Nah.
Maybe a tuna.
[man] Less of a tuna
and more of an orca, perhaps?
[grunts, laughs]
[snarls]
[Strydum gasps]
[Yujiro breathing raggedly]
[man] Mr. Yujiro Hanma,
hard at work as usual today, I see.
[Yujiro chuckles]
Can't you see I'm on vacation.
So what do you want, huh, Strydum?
Uh, hey, Ogre, you know,
if you really wanted to get out,
you could have just used the ladder.
[Yujiro chuckles]
[crackling]
[exhales]
A 200-pound praying mantis.
That boy of yours is a prodigy.
If a praying mantis
truly weighed that much,
even the fiercest of beasts
would be no match for it.
[Yujiro] Hmm.
As I'd expect of a Hanma.
Or should I say, your rival.
When it comes to martial arts,
that boy is thinking
in a whole different dimension.
So, Ogre, what do you think?
[chuckles]
[Strydum] Huh?
[grunting]
-[continues grunting]
-Huh?
[wood crunches]
[grunts, laughs loudly]
-Uh…
-[continues laughing]
Seriously? An imaginary praying mantis?
[continues laughing]
[sighs]
A picture may be worth a thousand words,
but a single real action is worth more.
You won't be killed,
and you won't get eaten.
No matter how big you make something,
at the end of the day,
what's fake is fake.
Even a real, live puppy
would have been a better opponent.
[Yamamoto] It all began
with a single gun shot.
On this fateful day,
November 23rd, back in the year 1963,
right here in Dallas, Texas,
in the United States of America,
the President,
who was overwhelmingly popular,
was assassinated right here.
And anyone who was there
will always remember that day.
The use of satellite broadcasting,
which was expected
to dazzle the entire world,
got off to a rather inauspicious start.
The name of the hero
tragically struck down
was John F. Kennedy.
Today, inspired by that charismatic
yet ill-fated politician,
current US President George Bush
has decided to hold
a parade here in Dallas.
The President himself has said
that the goal of today's event
is to rewrite this date's ominous history
and to restore the image
of Dallas on the world stage.
However, given
the less than enthusiastic reception
that this event has generated
among the American public,
it may be seen as the President's attempt
to bolster his declining approval rating.
[presidential music playing]
Here he comes now.
It's the same day, the same place,
and even the same time
as what occurred in 1963.
Almost as if being pulled along
by the cheers of the roadside crowd,
he is approaching
the fateful location now.
Smiling broadly, surrounded by ten times
the security than on that day years ago,
he's now reached the exact location--
-[man] Hmm?
-Uh…
Yamamoto?
We seem to be having
some technical difficulties.
Sorry for that.
We'll just have to see if this parade
helps President Bush's popularity.
-[sirens wailing in video]
-Huh? Oh!
-Yamamoto?
-The President was abducted! He--
Oh! Yamamoto?
An unknown perpetrator
has just abducted the US President!
[both gasp]
He was abducted?
Yes, just now! I--
It appears something happened.
[people clamoring]
Yeah, even though everyone was watching,
just now President Bush was--
As you can see in this footage,
it appears that a young Asian man
has carried off the President.
The situation here
is a state of absolute chaos.
Huh? I've just been told
that the perpetrator
is apparently holed up
in a nearby restaurant
right at this very moment.
[siren wailing faintly]
[clears throat]
You, uh, seem to be quite young.
Well, I did just turn 18.
Well, then surely you must be old enough
to understand the ramifications
of what you've done just now.
Oh, you mean abducting the President
and keeping you here.
That kind of thing?
[grunting in confusion]
But why did you bring me here, anyway?
There are no windows for snipers.
It's close enough to the scene.
Seemed like a good fit to me.
[Bush] By now, this building
will be completely surrounded.
You do understand that, right?
[Baki chuckles] Well, I should hope so.
After all, my goal is to get caught.
[groans uncomfortably]
So what are your demands?
Well, Mr. President, that's the easy part.
Arizona State Prison.
Isn't Arizona State Prison
the place where…
[Baki] Where Biscuit Oliva,
aka "Mr. Unchained," now resides.
[gasps]
[Bush] You wanna be put in
with that monster?
-Why in the world--
-[Baki] I'm the one making demands here.
[Bush grunts]
Oh, uh, suppose you're right.
[chuckles nervously] And, uh, what happens
if I don't accept your demands?
Well, then, things
would have to get physical.
You'd live, of course.
[groans uncomfortably]
[sighs]
This is worse than a rained-out rodeo.
I'm President,
but if it's one on one, I'm powerless.
[sighs]
All right, I concede to your demands.
Huh?
Then, let them know.
Everyone outside must be worried sick.
[chuckles]
[indistinct police radio chatter]
[phone ringing]
Hmm?
[phone continues ringing]
Oh, Mr. President! Are you safe?
[grunts uncertainly]
Wh-- What? You need cash?
What are we talking about,
millions or-- or billions?
Wait, what?
-[President talking indistinctly]
-Just ten dollars? For a coffee?
[people continue clamoring]
[dramatic music plays]
THE ARREST
DETENTION
THE TRIAL
THE VERDICT
[camera shutter clicking]
[Baki] Well, everything moved
a little faster than I thought it would,
but now I'm headed exactly where I wanted.
The President kept his word.
[music continues]
ARIZONA STATE PRISON
There are actually
two Pentagons in the US.
One is the well-known building
that houses the Department of Defense,
and is sometimes
known as the White Pentagon.
This is the other one.
[beeping, trilling]
All clear. Service number, please.
KY879428.
Go through.
[beeping]
[metal clunking]
[Baki] There are two theories,
one, because of its shape,
or two, because the most elite criminals
from all across America are held here.
But whatever the reason might be,
it has another name,
the Black Pentagon.
[guard 1] Strip down.
[mysterious music plays]
-[beeping]
-[guard 2] 22067, clear.
22068, a foreign object
has been detected internally.
[grunts] Huh?
This way.
Fingerprints.
[Baki] Registering fingerprints
is a given.
Now look in here.
[Baki] But then there's the retinal scan,
-and the swab inside the cheek…
-Ah…
That's how they get your DNA.
[guard 3] All right, this way.
[Baki] All of a criminal's
personal information in one pretty file.
Plus, you get a complete physical.
[high-pitched beeping]
The full VIP treatment.
[papers tapping on desk]
You have an incredible physique.
[Baki sighs]
We actually house quite a wide variety
of inmates within this prison,
and believe it or not,
several of them are even
Olympic-class athletes.
But as impressive as that might be,
your muscle density far surpasses theirs.
Is that so?
Speaking of which,
I'm guessing there's one person
in particular that you wanna meet here.
Yeah.
He's probably the only prisoner
in the entire world
who comes and goes as he pleases,
and he's know as "Mr. Unchained."
There have been
many proud and reckless men
who've wanted to meet him
just the same as you do.
-[dramatic sting]
-But this time, I was surprised.
[intriguing music playing]
Because when we mentioned your name,
he asked us
to bring you to him immediately.
This way.
This is the wing where we house
the criminals who have committed
especially heinous crimes,
and also anyone who might
incite violence within the prison.
[keypad beeping]
Don't make eye contact.
It'll cause trouble.
[beeping]
[Baki] Acrylic barriers every 30 feet.
The measures they put in place
to keep these men locked up
tell you what kind
of crimes they committed.
Hey, wanna be my boyfriend?
Come on! I'll share my ham and lettuce
with you every day! Hey!
[exhales]
[inmate] Oh… [chuckles]
[exhales sharply]
[inmate groans]
[metallic clunk]
[gasps]
After what we just passed through,
I definitely was not expecting this.
Especially not in a prison.
I mean, chandeliers,
paintings on the wall?
And this pampered treatment
is all just for Oliva?
Everything past this point
is Unchained's area.
I can't go any further than this.
[Baki] I mean, come on.
Are we even still in a prison anymore?
[gasps]
[doors creak]
Well, well, Mr. Baki. Welcome.
[sputters]
[Oliva chuckles]
SUN
[Baki] What kind of prison is this?
How fortunate I am to have friends
who visit me from so far away.
[sighs]
Well, go on, have a seat.
[grunts uncomfortably]
You want a glass?
I just scored a bottle
of some really premium cognac.
-Mm, no, I'm good.
-[chuckles] I figured you'd say that.
I've also got
some truly quality  jasmine tea.
Look, Oliva.
Let me guess,
you're gonna say something like,
"All I need from you
is for you to fight me."
Right?
[gasps]
[Oliva] I hear you're gonna
take on your old man.
[grunts in surprise]
The greatest father and son fight
of all time.
[sighs]
[Oliva] So,
you want to use me for practice.
Is that it?
Yeah, Oliva, that's it.
[strikes match]
[exhales]
Baki…
Look, I'm Number One around here, okay?
Or to put it simply,
I'm the strongest fighter in this prison.
Out of the 4,071 scoundrels
from across the US
here in the Arizona State Prison,
4,070 of them are gunning for my head.
Do you understand
what I'm sayin' here, kid?
You're like a trainee boxer
who just passed his pro test today.
You can't exactly expect to fight
the world champion in your debut match.
You are way too relaxed.
[Oliva] Hmm?
[chuckles] I'm not talking about boxing.
[exciting music building]
What I'm talking about is fighting!
You see, the biggest mistake you made
was just letting me walk into this room.
-[yells]
-[slams]
[yelling]
[music intensifying]
[gasps]
[Oliva chuckles]
[air hissing]
[chuckling] Listen. Just calm down, kid.
You hear me?
[gasps]
-[grunts in determination]
-Little Baki, I'll be fighting next week.
Out of the 4,071 inmates,
I'm fighting Number Two.
[gasps]
Now, Baki, today
you're going to be taken to his cell.
I'm certain that the guards
will be kind enough to tell you
the rules of this prison.
But the rules that you really need
to understand in here,
the only real rules,
are the ones
that exist only between inmates.
[doors creak, slam]
[Baki] So, this is my cell, huh?
Two empty beds.
Home sweet home.
[sighs]
Huh?
[bed creaks]
[man] Baki.
[Baki gasps] Who is that?
Iron Michael! What the hell are you--
-[sputters]
-Shh!
I'll explain later on.
But for tonight, just get some sleep.
That bed up there's open.
So it's you.
You're the one who's Number Two.
Is that right?
Champion,
you'd better watch your mouth in here.
Oh…
[sighs]
Listen, I'm Number One! You got that?!
In this place,
I don't even make the top ten.
[gasps]
But more to the point,
I don't mess around
with all of that prison ranking stuff.
I stay out of it
'cause I don't want to die young.
[Baki] Even a former champion
like Iron Michael
is scared of this prison!
[gasps]
[old man] Loose lips sink ships.
If you don't stop
all of this chattering away,
you'll face the wrath of Mr. Number Two.
That man seems to hear
absolutely everything,
even when he's sleeping.
[Baki] Who-- Who is this guy?
-[sheets rustling]
-[gasps]
[Baki] He's…
-[snoring]
-He's huge!
[grunting, snoring]
Sorry to say,
but this may be the last time
that you have any rest in this place.
[gasps]
[ringing loudly]
[grunts]
Number Two-- [gasps]
Get out in the hallway.
[Baki] This guy is Number Two?!
Go on now, get dressed.
Number Two…
This guy's gotta be over seven feet tall.
Am I gonna have to take him on right now?
-Uh-- What?
-[large man] Number Two.
[Baki gasps] The broom closet?!
[bangs open]
Wait! What?
[dramatic sting]
So you're Baki Hanma.
[Baki] This is the guy?!
Welcome to prison.
[Baki incredulously]
This guy is Number Two…
You know, I gotta tell you,
for what you did to President Bush,
you deserve a lot of praise.
Although, honestly,
it would have been just perfect
if you'd snuffed him out instead!
[laughs] Let me know if there's anything
you need to know about this place.
Well, there is one thing.
Yeah?
Why were you in the broom closet?
Because I'm a warrior.
[grunts in surprise]
[Second] If you want to lie down,
then you can do that
all you want after you're dead.
-[dramatic music building]
-[grunts softly]
One more thing.
[Second] Anything.
If I were to take you out right now,
I guess that would make me Number Two?
[all gasp]
[Baki chuckles]
[Second] Today is a good day to die.
[closing theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by: